Search Tips: SEARCH BAR is often a long, rounded rectangle, located in the center of the screen and usually does not have a background color. Carefully identify the location of the SEARCH BAR, which may have pre-filled search content (usually advertisements), INSTEAD of displaying the "search" or "搜索". The coordinates of the SEARCH BAR are usually close to the coordinates of the pre-filled content.

Search Tips: SEARCH BUTTON usually contains the word "search" or "搜索", or a magnifying glass icon. If the search field exists and is filled, clicking on the search button will usually result in an immediate search of the filled content. It is only possible to enter the search page by clicking on the search button when no search field exists. DO NOT tap the SEARCH BUTTON until you have input what you want to search for!

Search Tips: As a promotional tool, the search bar may have been pre-filled with promotional content, and clicking the search button directly may result in searching for advertisements. In this case, you can tap the body of the SEARCH BAR (INSTEAD OF A SEARCH BUTTON), delete all the contents, and then input in the content you want to search.

Search Tips: After searching, double-check that the results are as expected, and if the search doesn't turn up as expected, you should either RE-SEARCH or BACK instead of viewing the incorrect search results.

Search Tips: If you do not press enter or the SEARCH BUTTON after entering your search, it may not be a search results page.

Search Tips: If there is a SEARCH BAR and you HAVE NOT used it BEFORE, you should consider searching using the SEARCH BAR before considering swiping down the list to search for content.

Search Tips: The language of the search content should be consistent with the language used by the user in the "Instruction" section. If the user communicates with you in Chinese, the search content should also be in Chinese.

Select Tips: Please follow the user's instructions to the letter, e.g. if the user asks to select a store, you cannot select a product at this time.

Exploration Tips: If you want to see the details of something, in most cases you should click on the name of the thing. For example, if you want to see a list of all the products sold in a particular store, clicking on the name of the store should be the right thing to do.

Tabulation or Summary of Information Tips: you should not choose any of these actions except to wait 2s.